so some counseling skills that I've used that of help me out throughout
my career made a lot of what I learned when I was on recruiting duty
because you're basically meeting people for the first time and having
to you know convince them that join the navy is in their best interest
it's an intangible product in your sensually selling it to them
it's not something they can take home they have to believe in what
you're saying and believe in you and so that kinda help me out with
building so my counselor skills and so I've found that you know being
able to listen and and you know listen well and kind of ask probing
questions to get behind that need or get behind you know what that
surface value is because there's always something underlying there
that's something you want to try and get to and what you can do that
is through listening well and then asking questions that kind of
will listed you know open ended core responses to your questions that
you ask